What is this purpose of this Git repository? (duh!)
What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?
How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?
What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two examples as evidence.
Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper into?

This repository contains my assignments and labs for COMP20. Examples of both client-side and server-side scriptings can be found in this repository.

I especially enjoyed Assignment 2, which was to create an interactive map for MBTA red line using GoogleMap's API. The assignment introduced me to javascript functions and how to use a website's API, and I have gained better understanding of HTTP as a request-response protocol through the implementation of call-back functions. This assignment was not easy to get started with, but it combined the applications of crucial concepts in web programming in a challenging yet rewarding way. The most important thing I've learned is to be self-motivated. Since web programming is an area with great breadth and depth, I would always come up with questions and was incentivized to look for their answers. This helped me obtain a deeper and more detailed understanding of the subject. In the responsive design assignment, apart from using media queries to display desirable content,  when exploring the topic, I have also learned about frontend Frameworks like Bootstrap that accelerates the process. When looking for solutions to vulnerability mitigation, I have found Helmet, a collection of middleware functions, that helps to set HTTP headers; I learned each header's implications when looking into Helmet's functions and was able to mitigate the vulnerablities in more efficient ways.

This course has helped me make huge progress in understanding how the web works, how to write web programming codes from scratch, and how to "not reinvent the wheels" aka utilize programming resources. At the beginning of the course, I was unable to explain what a port number is, and now I am capable of conducting basic security assessment. Throughout the course I have gained a basic knowledge about the world wide web, yet there are still more details that need to be explored. I would like to further explore client-side scripting to enhance user experience of websites.